[Inception]
Is the protagonist named Dom Cobb?
Does the movie involve dreams within dreams?
Is Leonardo DiCaprio the lead actor?
Is the movie directed by Christopher Nolan?
Does time move differently in different dream levels?
Is there a spinning top used as a totem?
Does the main character steal secrets from people’s minds?
Is there a scene set in Paris that folds in half?
Is the movie considered a psychological thriller?
Is the main theme about guilt and reality?
Is there a hallway fight with shifting gravity?
Does the story involve planting an idea (inception)?
Is there a train that appears inside a dream?
Is the movie set partly on a snowy mountain?
Does the movie end ambiguously with the spinning top?
Is Ellen Page’s character an architect?
Is there a vault scene inside someone’s mind?
Is there a slow-motion van fall?
Is Hans Zimmer the composer?
Did the movie win Academy Awards for visual effects?

[The Lion King]
Is the main character a lion cub named Simba?
Is the story set in Africa?
Does the movie start with the “Circle of Life” song?
Is Mufasa Simba’s father?
Is Scar the main villain?
Does Scar kill Mufasa?
Is there a stampede scene?
Does Simba run away after his father’s death?
Do Timon and Pumbaa appear in the movie?
Is “Hakuna Matata” a song from this movie?
Does Simba grow up and return to reclaim the throne?
Is Nala Simba’s childhood friend?
Is the movie produced by Disney?
Is there a monkey named Rafiki?
Does the movie feature talking animals?
Is there a fiery final battle scene?
Does Simba have a cub at the end?
Was the movie originally released in the 1990s?
Is the movie considered an animated musical?
Did it win Oscars for Best Score or Song?

[Avengers: Endgame]
Is the movie part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
Is Iron Man one of the main characters?
Does the movie begin after a catastrophic event?
Is Thanos the main villain?
Do the heroes travel through time?
Is Captain America’s shield broken in battle?
Does Black Widow sacrifice herself?
Is there a scene with all female heroes together?
Does Iron Man wear a nano-tech suit?
Does Hulk merge intelligence and strength?
Is “Avengers Assemble!” shouted in the final battle?
Is there a massive portal scene?
Does Thanos snap his fingers again?
Does Tony Stark die in the movie?
Is the movie directed by the Russo brothers?
Is it considered a superhero epic?
Does Captain America wield Thor’s hammer?
Is there a funeral at the end?
Is it the highest-grossing MCU movie?
Is there a final scene with Steve Rogers and Peggy Carter?

[Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone]
Is the main character named Harry Potter?
Is he raised by his aunt and uncle?
Does he receive a letter from Hogwarts?
Is there a train that departs from Platform 9¾?
Does Hagrid deliver the letter?
Is Hermione Granger a classmate?
Is Ron Weasley Harry’s best friend?
Is Dumbledore the headmaster of Hogwarts?
Is there a three-headed dog guarding a trapdoor?
Is there a scene involving a flying broomstick?
Does Harry play Quidditch?
Is the Sorcerer’s Stone the main object in the plot?
Is Voldemort mentioned in the movie?
Does Harry live in a cupboard under the stairs?
Is there a mirror that shows one’s deepest desire?
Does Professor Snape appear suspicious?
Does Harry defeat Professor Quirrell at the end?
Is the movie adapted from J.K. Rowling’s novel?
Was the movie released in the early 2000s?
Is it the first film in the Harry Potter series?

[Frozen]
Are the main characters sisters?
Is the older sister named Elsa?
Does she have ice powers?
Is the song “Let It Go” featured in the movie?
Is Anna the younger sister?
Does Elsa accidentally freeze her kingdom?
Is Olaf a talking snowman?
Does Kristoff help Anna on her journey?
Is there a reindeer named Sven?
Is the kingdom called Arendelle?
Is there a mountain ice castle?
Does Elsa wear a blue dress?
Is the movi
